New carriers pages docs (#1858)
PrestaShop/docs: development/page-reference/back-office/carrier/add-new-carrier/_index.md

---
title: Add new carrier
weight: 2
menuTitle: Add new carrier
---

# Add new carrier

> Page can be reached by visiting `Shipping -> Carriers -> Add new carrier` in the admin panel. It allows the Back Office user to create a new carrier.

Reviewer: The page can also be used to edit an existing carrier 😉

{{% notice %}}

> Carrier can change its ID when it is edited. In fact, if you edit a carrier that is already associated with an order, the carrier ID will change automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you edit a carrier, sometimes the data of the carrier is simply altered, sometimes a copy of the data is done, the previous data is de-activated but preserved, and your modifications are done on the new copy. This happens when a customer has purchased an order using this carrier, in order to preserve the carrier data as it was during the purchase.
```

{{% /notice %}}

## The flow

### General settings

When you enter the page, first thing you will notice is the `General settings` tab, where you can set the carrier name, logo, tracking URL, etc.

{{< figure src="./img/general-settings-tab.png" title="General settings tab" >}}

The definition of this form can be found in
[src/PrestaShopBundle/Form/Admin/Improve/Shipping/Carrier/GeneralSettings.php](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/blob/develop/src/PrestaShopBundle/Form/Admin/Improve/Shipping/Carrier/GeneralSettings.php).

### Shipping locations & costs

This tab allows you to set the carrier zones, countries, prices, free shipping, etc.

{{< figure src="./img/shipping-locations-and-costs-tab.png" title="Shipping locations and costs tab" >}}

The definition of this form can be found in [src/PrestaShopBundle/Form/Admin/Improve/Shipping/Carrier/ShippingLocationsAndCostsType.php](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/blob/develop/src/PrestaShopBundle/Form/Admin/Improve/Shipping/Carrier/ShippingLocationsAndCostsType.php).

> All the behavior of this tab is manage by `carrier-form-manager.ts` file, that is located in [admin-dev/themes/new-theme/js/pages/carrier/form/carrier-form-manager.ts](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/blob/develop/admin-dev/themes/new-theme/js/pages/carrier/form/carrier-form-manager.ts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the behavior of this tab is managed by `carrier-form-manager.ts` file, that is located in [admin-dev/themes/new-theme/js/pages/carrier/form/carrier-form-manager.ts](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/blob/develop/admin-dev/themes/new-theme/js/pages/carrier/form/carrier-form-manager.ts).
```
